To start with, let's look at
structuring our greeter frame work
in a way that's safe so that it can be
reused inside any Java script application.
In the downloadable source code for this
lecture, you'll find this starter setup.
I've got an index, that HTML page,
and three JavaScript files.
I have jQuery.
Since we said we wanted jQuery support,
I need to load that first.
I have my Greetr.js file,
which will be my framework slash library.
That's where I'm gonna put my code, and
an app.js file we'll use our
frameworks and libraries.
Got that?
So just three files and
we're going to do most of our work
inside here, inside greeter.js.
So for starters,
here's what we want to do.
We want to create a new execution context
for our entire framework/library.
So all of our variables declared are safe.
And we're only exposing on
the global object what we want.
So how do we do that?
Start right here.
Wrap up some code in the way that
you think would be appropriate,
in order to make any
code inside of it safe.
And pass to it what we need access to.
We need access to the global
variable which is Window and
the jQuery variable which is either
the word jQuery or a dollar sign.
Here's your first hint.
It's an immediately invoked function.
So go ahead and pause the video.
Set up an immediately invoked function,
that accepts and
takes in a global object and
a jQuery object.
And when you invoke that
immediately invoked function.
When you do those parentheses to call it,
make sure you're passing in Window, and
the jQuery object.
Go ahead and pause.
All right.
You ready?
So we're going to create our
immediately invoked function.
I can't just do function.
I have to do a parentheses or something
like that to trick the syntax parser.
And then I end the function and end that.
And then I'm going to
invoke it with parentheses.
I'm gonna pass a global object in jQuery
which I'll just make a dollar sign.
And when I invoke it,
I pass in my global and
my jQuery object, which I could either
put dollar sign or jQuery right here.
Make sense?
So now I have safe code.
I've structure around the code
that I'm going to write.
So the first thing that
happens is it executes this,
creating a new execution context
giving me the variables I need to run.
And so now my whole greeter is safe inside
of here and ready to be reused by anybody.
All right, pretty simple start.
Let's keep going